facebook will not stop until it becomes
in the center of all our
communications and that's why now
arrives with hello an app that pretends
take the lead off the scoreboard
android and make the classics
calls are more is more this
interesting application combines the
facebook information with that of the
phone contacts giving you even more
details of each one in spite of not having
registered all the numbers in your
device now yes this is a contact
from facebook you can see who is
calling and blocking calls
desired
You can also search for places with
presence on facebook access to the
information and call directly and
to send a message or make a
free call through facebook
messenger without leaving the
the funniest gelatins came to
your smartphone to immerse yourself in a
very, very addictive game
we talk about jelly jamm a sticky game
where you have to control you're
slimy jellies of different shapes and
colors in an infinite travel
while you jump without stopping to avoid
to be drowned
this relatively simple game just
you leave high for your character
jump right now mine is a snail but
as his Latin image has adopted several
forms can sometimes be a square or
a television the difficulty of the game
is to estimate the speed in what
the bridges for example these bridges
something super fast some go slower
and the issue is that if you get caught
between the bridges or crushes you lose
because the ink you eat the graphic are
in 3-d they are not complex but good
the game is friendly is fun and
scream crush it
If the photos are your thing then it is
important that the candles as a whole
professional and that is precisely what
that boom brings you a fabulous editor that
gives you total creative control of all
your photographs your tools
Advanced editions allow you to modify
the brightness contrast saturation control
totally the coloration curve create
custom filters and share them
directly to your networks
accompanied the sleepwalker to return
assured his face in the fascinating game
in 3d back to bed
just sent to the voice subconscious
and travel through a dream world
completely surreal full of
magical objects and dangerous obstacles
now this game are tremendously hallucinated
controls this strange creature that
can walk on the walls or by
ceilings I'm not sure which one is up
which ones down and take that weird element
for example like this fish that what
you use as a table and you have to
collect objects this I put it for
collect the giant apple and to
prevent the beast from waking up the voice
goal of the game is to carry aft
up to your bed but there are a lot of
elements that block its passage then
for example I have here I have to take
the apple to block the pipeline
ventilation that is pushing bovine not
let arrive to your bed
then there are more advanced elements by
example right now I'm putting in the
apple and will go through a portal and
this portal takes me to a part that
is up and I have to put the fish
so that it does not fall and there they see as
vocal to traverse advance the time
because this happens faster and ready two
fenced uca more healthy and safe and are
all levels that way is very
good
low